hi I'm Lisa Nelson celebrity makeup
artist and I'm talking today about how
to do a standard rodeo queen makeup so
when you compete in rodeo you want to be
sure to bring your best presentation you
want to organize in terms of color and
you want to make sure that your makeup
is flattering and goes well with your
outfit you also want to keep in mind
that the major lines in your face need
to be enunciated they need to be brought
out because again like stage makeup
you're dealing with a distancing issue
where you're going to be back further
from judges and the crowd so what we've
done this beautiful model is we've
perfected her skin a bit with her
foundation put on some powder we also
did some really pretty going closure eye
for me some pretty bronze tones with a
bit of a like a honey color up into the
crease we enunciated the outer corner of
the eye was a little bit of black shadow
on an angle brush and quite an open we
filled in her eye with black on the
inner moist which is the innermost line
of the eye and then just went right
underneath and rimmed that with the
bronze now notice that her eye color is
sort of in harmony with her lip so when
we're talking about pulled back in
distancing we want to create harmony as
much as we can overall in the face so in
the brow here there's similar tones and
shades as there are on the mouth one
thing that I want to show on camera real
quick is just how to harmonize with the
cheek color and the lip and again you
want to consider color and you want to
consider strong line so this blush color
we're going to start sort of right on
the apple of her cheek and in little
circle motion we're gonna build the
color up into the hairline and this is a
brighter blush than probably what I
would recommend for her as her makeup
artist for just a regular daytime look
but again we have to go a little bolder
provided this color harmonizes with the
lip I think that you are on target in
getting noticed and standing out it's
just enough line of definition
and again it's always easier to add
color than it is to take away so you
want to build this color a little bit at
a time this is going to help to slim out
the face if you wanted to it also just
brings out the cheekbones and the
prettiness of our smile too that way
when she's onstage are back from the
crowd a bit she'll still be able to get
her expressions she has big gorgeous
eyes and great lips we want to play all
those features up especially in that
kind of type of a competition situation
that's really pretty
so I'm Lisa Nelson and that is how I
would do a standard Rodeo Queen makeup